Just follow procedure.
No one go off the list, okay.
Don't panic anyone, keep it nice and calm.
Any questions...
I'll be back at the MCU, okay.
Off you go.
Hey. Body's in there.
No sign of the girl.
-Yeah, it's him, no doubt.
That guy over there, that's Dad,
and the girl's name is May.
Hi, there, sir. I'm DI Rav Sangha.
This is DS Marcella Backland.
Have you found her?
Have you heard anything?
I'm afraid not yet, no.
When was the last time
you saw May
I got a text about
an extra delivery, a last-minute thing.
Who was she with?
Beth, my neighbour,
she babysits.
Yeah, if I get a late call-out,
I carry May over.
I'll put her in Beth's bed.
And she loves waking up there,
Beth spoils her.
And what time was that?
Jackpot247 was finishing,
so around 3:00.
And what time did you get back?
A few minutes after 4:00.
It was just a short airport run,
you know?
And then I went to Beth's...
and I found her.
I appreciate
this is really difficult for you--
You just said
that May liked waking up there,
so why did you go over?
Because the door was open,
but it was dark in the flat so I thought
Okay.
Where are you going?
He talks too much,
too much detail.
Marcella, he's in shock.
Yes, or well-rehearsed.
Marcella?
Oh, Christ. Anything?
Yeah, they found some strands of hair
in her right hand. Not hers.
DNA?
Yeah, looks like it.
Poor girl.
What did you do with her?
You didn't put her in Beth's bed.
No, no, I normally do, but...
Don't lie to me.
Do not lie to me.
What did you do with that little girl?
You're her father,
you're supposed to keep her safe,
and I want to know
what you did with that little girl.
Nothing! Tell me what you did
with your little girl!
Nothing!
What did you do--
In her room. On her own.
You left her sleeping
in her room alone at night?
A six-year-old child.
Are you out of your mind?
Did you tell your neighbour?
I thought if I told you I'd lose custody,
that you'd take her away.
Well, we'll have to find her
before we can do that, won't we?
Eyewitness saw a man
in a dark hoodie
carrying a little girl
through the estate.
DS Backland,
I've got the footage
outside the flat.
Oh, my God. May!
What's he doing with her?
And the other angle!
Freeze it there. Punch in! So she was alive when he took her!
Why wouldn't I be?
Come on.
Her backpack.
Have you found her backpack?
Why do you ask?
She must have it.
Then she's got her phone.
-Yeah.
It's on, you can track it.
How do you know it's on?
You didn't call it, did you?
Yeah. But she didn't pick up.
-If it's still on,
the person who took your daughter
might also have heard it.
Located her phone signal.
They're travelling fast.
Driving east.
Okay, get mobile units there right away.
And find that car.
Over here.
-Come on.
Because, Alex, she's still alive.
Yeah, but we don't think
he's going to keep her that way, do we?
There was a car
reported stolen on a street
behind Ronnie Weir's house.
The ANPR picked up the car
two minutes ago.
-I'll send it through.
Tell me there's someone there.
Come on, come on, come on.
He's down by the river.
Marcella!
Marcella! Marcella!
Please, dear God,
don't let it be her.
Come on!
I'm requesting urgent backup now.
May!
No!
No, no!
May!
Oh, God!
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven...
This is DI Rav Sangha,
I need an ambulance
and a full SOCO unit
down to wasteland
-adjacent to London City Airport.
-I need it now!
One, two, three,
-four, five, six, seven, eight...
Alex, get a defib.
...nine, ten.
One, two, three, four five, six, seven, eight...
Come on.
Come on, Juliet.
...three, four, five.
One, two, three...
Please, darling.
Come on, Juliet.
Marcella. Marcella.
-Come on, baby.
Marcella.
-Marcella, she's gone. She's gone.
-Come on.
Where have you been at this hour?
For a drive.
-Couldn't sleep.
No.
-Nowhere.
Just... driving around.
Well, after today
there will be a grave to go to.
I'm gonna get a shower.
I want you to go home,
get some sleep.
Get out of here,
do something normal.
Grace Gibson's funeral is at 3:00.
-One of you, with a photographer.
Hi, erm, sorry.
Is it okay if I...
Sure, what is it, Mark?
I just heard from forensics.
The DNA results from the hair
found in the babysitter's hand
won't be back till tomorrow.
Thanks, Mark.
Where's Marcella?
She burnt her hand,
she's getting it looked at.
-She'll be fine.
-Okay, good.
Well, erm,
I got a lot to do so...
Yeah, me too.
Who's Juliet?
-Mmm-hmm.
Her daughter.
She would have been six now.
Hi.
You want an update?
Okay, so, erm...
we had to release Bendek Krol.
Didn't have enough to keep him.
And, er...
There's no sign
of Mohammed El-Sayed.
I mean, he hasn't
left the country as far as we know.
We've put out a general warrant for him.
There was, er, something else...
Hey, it's Mum.
Mum?
What'd you want?
Nothing, I, erm...
Mum?
I just wanted to hear your voice.
What are you doing?
Speaking to you.
No.
Before I called, silly.
Oh, got netball, gotta go.
Love you, Mum.
Tim!
-Just dropped Marcella off.
You're looking better
than the last time I saw you.
What were you doing at my house?
You left her, man.
Well, we're still married.
-So keep away from her.
-Is there an "or else" coming, or...
Just stay away from her.
Bendek?
Yes?
I need to talk to you.
I'm sorry,
but you can't stay here any more.
You are kicking me out?
We're not comfortable
with you living here.
You got till the end of the week.
It's about the police.
Yeah. It's that.
And the fighting.
Wait...
I paid.
I paid for a whole month.
I want you out.
I can't go.
What is it now?
The thing is, just that I can't...
I can't deal with death right now.
It's just one thing too many,
you know?
I can't go. I, er...
I just can't.
Okay. Well, I'll, erm...
I'll just go straight home
after the ceremony.
So, you're going?
Yeah, it's Grace.
I drove all the way here
to pay my respects.
I'm going.
Hurry back home.
Grace saved me.
Grace saved my life.
When our dad died...
I ran away.
And in all the years
that I was travelling...
Grace never stopped...
calling and writing...
letting me know
that I was important to her.
I think she made a lot of people
feel like that.
Maybe that was her gift.
'Cause that's what
makes life worth living.
When people...
let you know that you matter...
to them.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
-Hi.
You, er...
you weren't in the briefing.
Not that you missed much.
The car he used
was reported stolen this morning
and there's no facial shots
from the cameras we know he passed.
Whereabouts of Mohammed El-Sayed
is still unknown--
I know, Mark told me.
What about DNA of the hair we found?
There's no match yet.
And there's no cameras
outside the Premier Lodge
that can help us with the man
who took the keycard.
Marcella, Laura...
Laura told me about Juliet.
I'm so sorry.
I have a seven-year-old at home.
Sany. She's my oldest.
-Sonam's five.
-I didn't know.
Are you okay?
I have to ask,
are you still able to be a part of this?
Yes, I am.
I have to find him.
Look, May has forced him to improvise.
He is bound to have made mistakes.
We're gonna get him.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Er, thank you so much for coming.
Should we send flowers
to Andrew Barnes' widow?
We didn't know him that well,
and her, not at all.
But we did business together.
She is an MP.
We should, shouldn't we?
Any idea who his replacement might be?
Oh, there are some options.
Do we know anything about these options?
Daughton has intel on everyone
in the planning committee.
Barnes' replacement.
Well, as soon as we find out who it is,
I'll send him the new plan straight away.
That plan was a good one
when Andrew Barnes was alive.
But maybe...
we can persuade his replacement
to go back to the original.
Get the intel on the others.
Thanks, Jason.
The new plan is sustainable
and has a green space. It has everything that was stated
in the planning agreement.
And we make decent money.
Yeah, but not as much.
It was a compromise.
This is how we're going to
have to do business in the future.
Your way?
Listening to me, yeah.
Yes, but the future isn't here yet, is it?
What?
Andrew Barnes.
Overdosed on antidepressants.
A presumed suicide.
Come on, you know
I don't like it down here.
Just make it quick.
It's a tracheal contusion
consistent with a solid object
being pushed down his oesophagus.
In English.
Someone's pushed something
down his throat.
Right.
So, why didn't you just say so?
I went to med school.
Someone shoved what?
Wouldn't like to say.
Thin enough to fit his throat,
thick enough to injure it.
Someone fed him
an overdose of antidepressants?
Mmm. Probably.
The injuries occurred
less than an hour before his death.
So you're telling me
that Andrew Barnes was murdered?
I'm telling you,
you can't rule it out.
Why is it so dark in here?
Oh, my God!
Hi, Mum.
Hello.
Hey, gorgeous.
What a nice surprise!
Okay, enough.
-Yeah.
Mmm
Is this your work, Mum?
Eddie, don't look at that.
Is this your job?
Erm, yeah, and it's not for you,
nosy parker. Go on.
You need to cover it up, Marcella.
Right. Help me.
-Yeah.
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
It's family dinner.
We agreed we needed it.
We did?
When I picked you up
this morning.
From the hospital.
Sorry, my mind was elsewhere.
I didn't realise
you meant tonight.
So dinner is...
Well, it's non-existent.
All right, change of plan.
Who wants Thai?
Yeah!
Me!
You should try
to eat something.
Will this be enough?
With her gone...
will I be enough?
Nothing ever happened.
Just seeing how happy you were
when she was in the room.
You loved her.
Like a daughter, yes.
Not the way you think.
I'm not sure I believe that.
I miss her.
I'll always miss her.
But, yes...
this will be enough.
The coin is here.
That's great.
Well done.
I'm doing eight more tricks
at my talent show.
Will you come?
Of course.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
-Of course, of course I'll come.
Hey.
I can't wait to see you up on that stage.
Cheeky.
Great.
So what else has been happening?
I got a B in the last chemistry test.
That's rubbish. I get A's!
-Hey!
Seriously.
-Eddie...
-I will hit you.
Okay, stop it.
Enough!
Hey.
Do not play with prawn crackers.
You'll never make it
in the NBA, Mum.
Why?
Oi.
I thought tonight went well.
Yeah.
You seemed a bit...
off.
I was just thinking...
It dawned on me
that everybody just leaves...
or they're taken away.
You blame me for the kids
going to boarding school.
I blame you for everything.
Except Juliet, you know that.
I think they needed to get away.
So you're saying it's my fault?
Hmm?
Are you saying
that I drive people away?
Even my own children?
For six years...
-I tried to--
-You tried for three.
I know about Grace.
Tim told me.
It was three years, Jason.
For three years...
I wanted us to move on...
to get our lives back.
Get what back?
What'd we lost?
We lost us.
How we used to be.
We had ten amazing years.
That's more than most people have.
And things change. Of course they did.
But we dealt with that.
You deal with it.
Things were different,
they weren't bad.
It wasn't bad,
but it wasn't good enough.
We lost us.
And that was always our strength,
-that connection that we had.
And I couldn't reach you.
Like I said before,
I felt lonely.
What, and you're not lonely now?
Yeah.
I am.
Well, maybe if you'd have
talked to me about it, then...
we wouldn't be here now.
I came back for Grace.
To grow up.
Finally get involved
in the family business.
But Grace is gone.
Sylvie doesn't care
about anything that I do.
Sylvie is going through a lot right now.
Sylvie has made me feel
like a failure my entire life.
So...
I just need to succeed at one thing.
You fixed Lambeth.
Yeah, but now she's changed
her mind about that again.
What?
I don't care, you can't leave.
What's the point in staying?
Yep.
Shit.
I should probably go.
Did he bury his sister today?
Can't get to the phone right now.
Leave a message after the tone.
All right, bubba.
You take care, okay?
I love you.
Bye.
Look after your sister, bubba.
-I will.
-Love you.
-I'll see you soon. I love you, too.
Bye, guys.
Bye.
Let's go.
I call shotgun.
I want them to come home.
-I think you should ask what they want.
-They didn't ask to go.
They're there because it suited you
and now I want it to suit me.
Okay, I'm not going to fight you on this,
but I think you should ask them.
-All right.
-They like it there, Marcella.
Okay, I... Bye.
Look after your hand.
Listen up.
Forensics just called.
We've got a match
on the hair from Beth's hand.
D&D from a few years back.
Let's finish this.
Open up. Police!
Go on, just break it down.
Yann Hall,
I'm arresting you
on the suspicion of the murder
of Beth Bachan
and the kidnap and murder of May Weir.
You do not have to say anything.
But anything that you do say
may be used in court
or in evidence against you.
Hello?
-Okay.
Yann Hall.
That's Matthew Neil's boyfriend.
That's the computer bloke
we spoke to about the sex chat.
Wait until the solicitor gets here.
See what the search of the house gives us.
-Keep me in the loop.
-Okay.
Good job.
I shouldn't be here.
No one says anything.
Linda?
Stuart?
You don't return my calls.
Why would I?
Well, to discuss our financial settlement.
Is that the intel from Daughton
that I prepared for you?
Yeah, so?
Then you'll find that
I'm good at what I do.
Very good.
-You got till noon...
otherwise I'll tell Sylvie about this.
Then Marcella,
and the police.
You got my number, don't you?
It's, erm,
DI Tim Williamson.
I'm just looking into the circumstances
surrounding the death of Andrew Barnes.
No, we have to look into every suicide.
Yes.
Yeah, it's very tragic.
Listen, erm...
Did he, erm, upset anyone?
Is anybody angry with him?
Yeah.
Well, maybe they didn't like
something he was doing.
What's that?
Mmm. Yes.
And, er...
who was the developer?
Yes, I am familiar with them.
Thank you.
Where were you
between 3:00 and 6:30 yesterday morning?
-Yesterday, I was at home.
Watching telly, asleep.
-No. Er...
My partner, he...
he works away a lot. So...
In bed, asleep. Alone.
-Yep.
-Mmm.
What happened there?
Er... burned myself.
Was cooking. Why?
What--
-A six-year-old girl was drowned.
We found these in your house.
The six-year-old girl's hands were tied
with ones just like that.
And hers.
-And his.
And you see, there.
Look, you see that around their necks?
Yann, can you look at that?
What is that?
That's right.
Where do you think
we found that?
Where did we find that, Yann?
I have no idea.
-I don't know.
We found it in a cupboard in your kitchen.
Circumstantial at best.
Oh, we've got DNA.
Your DNA. From the babysitter.
Were you in a rush
Did May walk in on you?
Did she scream or cry?
Did she know that she was going to die?
But you couldn't kill her,
could you?
You couldn't kill her, so you just
threw her away, like a piece of rubbish.
If she didn't freeze to death,
then she'd drown.
As long as
you didn't have to see it, right?
No, no, no.
'Cause you're a fucking coward.
You're a fucking coward--
-Shut up! Shut up!
Huh?
You did it, didn't you?
You did it!
I don't know
what you're talking about!
I-- No--
I want to stay.
Well, I'm sorry, Bendek.
That's out of the question.
Linda doesn't know,
does she?
About you leaving?
Yes, she does.
About your illness.
The multiple sclerosis.
You think that is going to
keep you here, do you?
That you found out.
I'll just tell her.
I mean, got to,
sooner or later anyway.
Are you going to tell her
about this as well?
It says here...
he was found a little after 2:00 a.m...
two nights ago.
End of the week, Bendek.
According to the search history
on your computer,
you searched for
"Andrew Barnes suicide,"
"Barnes found dead,"
and, er...
"MP Barnes husband dead,"
from midnight onwards.
That's two hours before he was found.
I took a screenshot...
and downloaded it.
So I'm staying.
Everywhere else will be so expensive,
since I'm living here for free now...
I...
I haven't done anything.
I'm not supposed to be here.
I'm not supposed--
Please, just, come, come--
Come. I'm not...
Never mind.
You all right?
I did not ask you to do anything...
and this isn't saying that.
This is so I never see
or hear from you again.
Sure.
Please just go--
Go and get someone, please!
Get someone.
Get me... Get...
-Get someone!
Just breathe. Relax.